feat(lint): no-alert rule (#6355)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/weak-kings-behave.md

---
"@biomejs/backend-jsonrpc": minor
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> Adds the no-alert rule from ESLint

Author: ```suggestion
Added the `no-alert` rule from ESLint.
```

> ---
> "@biomejs/backend-jsonrpc": minor
> "@biomejs/biome": minor
> ---
> 
> Added the `no-alert` rule from ESLint.

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

Added a new nursery rule `noAlert` that disallows the use of `alert`, `confirm` and `prompt`.

The following code is deemed incorrect:

```js
alert("here!");
```
``````
